# Reddit Discord Bot

This project contains source code and supporting files for a serverless application that you can deploy with the SAM CLI. It includes the following files and folders.

- hello_world - Code for a basic application for testing if everything worked.
- reddit_post - Code for a basic application for testing if everything worked.
- .github / workflows / sam-pipelin.yml - file to define the workflow for deployment
- template.yaml - A template that defines the application's AWS resources.

The application uses several AWS resources, including Lambda functions and an API Gateway API. These resources are defined in the `template.yaml` file in this project.

## Deploy this bot to your server

First acquire an AWS key and secret for uploading to a bucket and add those to your github actions secrets like

`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=[KEY]`
`AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=[KEY]`
`AWS_BUCKET_NAME=[KEY]`

those will be used for storing you application for deployment.

Next use `https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/228383668-Intro-to-Webhooks` to create a webhook for your channel and add it to your github action secets
`DISCORD_URL=https://discord.com/api/webhooks/XXX/XXXXXX`

Finally, push this to your remote and it should build and deploy. You will see your lambdas in your aws account and there will be information about these in your github actions logs

## Use the SAM CLI to build and test locally

Build your application with the `sam build --use-container` command.

```bash
discord-reddit-post-bot$ sam build --use-container
```

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `reddit_post/requirements.txt`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

The SAM CLI can also emulate your application's API. Use the `sam local start-api` to run the API locally on port 3000.

You will need to provide your webhook url and select a subreddit to post from

```bash
discord-reddit-post-bot$ sam local start-api --parameter-overrides ParameterKey=DISCORDURL,ParameterValue=$DISCORD_URL
discord-reddit-post-bot$ curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/ curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d 'aww'
```

The SAM CLI reads the application template to determine the API's routes and the functions that they invoke. The `Events` property on each function's definition includes the route and method for each path.

```yaml
      Events:
        Post:
          Type: Api
          Properties:
            Path: /api/reddit_post
            Method: ANY
```

## Add a resource to your application
The application template uses AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) to define application resources. AWS SAM is an extension of AWS CloudFormation with a simpler syntax for configuring common serverless application resources such as functions, triggers, and APIs. For resources not included in [the SAM specification](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model/blob/master/versions/2016-10-31.md), you can use standard [AWS CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-template-resource-type-ref.html) resource types.

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
discord-reddit-post-bot$ sam logs -n RedditPostFunction --stack-name discord-reddit-post-bot --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Cleanup

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name discord-reddit-post-bot
```

## Resources

See the [AWS SAM developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html) for an introduction to SAM specification, the SAM CLI, and serverless application concepts.

Next, you can use AWS Serverless Application Repository to deploy ready to use Apps that go beyond hello world samples and learn how authors developed their applications: [AWS Serverless Application Repository main page](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/)
